the RT 0 7 0 1 C is a one and a quarter
horsepower compact router the router
comes standard with a quarter inch
collet and straight guide and it takes
industry standard template guides the RT
0 7 0 1 C is used to create common
profiles like classic bead corner bead
bullnose profiles and more the router is
also ideal for trimming edges on
laminates and wood materials the fixed
base takes an optional dust port for
improved dust collection some of the
features on the router include smooth
rack & pinion depth adjustment system
for more precise settings quick-release
cam lock system for easy depth
adjustments and base removal or
installation and a heavy-duty aluminum
housing engineered for increased
durability the router accepts three
optional bases the plunge base can be
used to cut grooves as well as data wing
mortising or inlay pattern work it also
takes an optional dust port that
attaches to the base
the base comes standard with three
preset stops for added precision and it
takes industry standard template guides
and it can also be used with the guide
rail system for multiple applications
the tilt base provides routing at
different angles
the offset base allows for routing and
hard-to-reach areas and as close as
three-quarters of an inch to the wall
the base is ideal for installing kitchen
and bathroom sinks the new RT 0 7 0 1 C
RT 0 7 0 1 C X 7 and RT 0 7 0 1 C x3
router kits are part of makita's
expanded lineup of woodworking solutions